THUMBTALK — ONE-RUN LINUX PROCESS DIAGNOSTIC
This is not a new companion build or a freeze fix.

1. In Desktop Mode, download and extract this ZIP into Downloads.
2. Close WoW and ThumbTalk. Open Enable-Diagnostics.desktop (allow execution if
   KDE asks). Leave your existing Steam launch option unchanged.
3. The NEXT launch through the installed ThumbTalk Steam wrapper automatically
   restores your original launcher, then samples the same game session. It does
   not change sending, bindings, clipboard handling, the addon, or WoW settings.
4. If you choose another controlled test, do it out of combat with one short
   message. Do not repeatedly reproduce a freeze. After closing the game, send:

   /home/deck/.local/state/thumbtalk/hang-report.jsonl

It records process/thread states, CPU counters and kernel wait-channel names for
WoW, ThumbTalk, Wine's server and the display processes. These can help distinguish
an active loop from a wait, but they are not a debugger stack or a diagnosis.
No memory, environment variables, full command lines, clipboard contents, voice,
chat text, screenshots or companion log are collected. Nothing is uploaded.
The report is readable only by your user account. An earlier report is retained
as hang-report.jsonl.previous. Sampling stops six seconds after the launcher ends,
or after 15 minutes or 16 MiB. Closing the sampler never closes the game.

To cancel BEFORE the next game launch, open Remove-Diagnostics.desktop. After the
one diagnostic launch the normal launcher has already been restored. Keep the
installed helper files until the pending diagnostic is used or removed.

This expects the existing ~/.local/share/thumbtalk/launch-with-thumbtalk.sh and
/usr/bin/python3 on SteamOS. If your data/state directories are customized, their
XDG locations are used. Do not launch a second copy while the game is running.

Fallback if desktop shortcuts open as text: open a terminal in this extracted
folder and run: python3 arm.py
To undo a pending diagnostic: python3 arm.py --remove
